$67,492.
That is how much I made in the past 4
days from this Minihat's automation.
Now, if you're not in the loop,
Instagram dropped a massive new update
last week that basically allows you to
be able to automatically message every
single new follower that you get by
using Minihat. And since the day that
this update dropped, my team and I have
tested 17 different variations of this
automation. And within that testing, we
found one clear winner that led [music]
to that easily led to the most amount of
emails collected, the most booked calls,
and most importantly, the most sales.
So, in this video, I will give you a
copy and paste template of this winning
automation that I've been using and walk
you through exactly how to set it up for
you and your [music] business. Now, I do
want to set the correct expectation for
the video. Uh, this is not going to be
entertaining, uh, regardless of what
gloves I'm wearing. [music] Neither will
it be highly edited or anything of the
such. It will just be a maximum of 15
minutes that are highly tactical
information on how you can substantially
[music] increase your revenue with this
automation. And assuming that you finish
this video, you will walk away with
[music] a fully setup automation that
will get you qualified leads and books
calls on autopilot as [music] soon as
today. And all it takes is for you to
lock in for the next 15 minutes. Now, if
you do not know me, my name is Devon
Jathau. I make multiple seven figures
entirely [music] from organic content
and I help online business owners do the
same and sign up my highle program Nexus
which if you make [music] at least 20k
per month you can learn more about
within the first link in the description
otherwise let's go and get started all
right so the obvious first step to set
up this automation is going to be to
open up this alternat
so obvious next step is how you turn on
this automation the absolute worst thing
that you can do is try to build your new
follower automation and in the default
builder that Mini Chats will give you,
which looks like this, what's on the
screen here. The main reason being is
that if you set it up through this
builder or this way, you're basically
just neutering your automation and
lighting your money on fire because you
want to be able to have access to 90% of
the features that you need. I'm talking
about features like AB testing, voice
notes, auto follow-ups, smart delays,
email gates, all of the [__] that's
going to make the automation I'm about
to give you so damn good in the first
place. Now, if your automation is
already in the advanced view, which is
what we're going to set up now, uh, like
what's on the screen, then we can go and
skip to the timestamp that is shown on
the screen right here. However, if your
automation does not look like this, or
if you haven't set your automation up
yet, then what you need to do is you
need to follow these next steps closely.
All right. So, to start, go ahead and
log into your Minihat account. And then
on the bottom left hand side, click on
where it says settings. [music]
Once you're inside the settings, then
feel free to go and click on Instagram.
And then from here, you'll see the third
option down that says say hi to new
followers. Once you click on that, now
you'll see an option that basically just
says setup. So go ahead and click on
that bad boy. And then it may ask you to
refresh your Instagram permissions. If
it does, then just follow the steps that
you're prompted with. And if it doesn't,
then you're good to go. Either way,
you'll end up on a page that looks like
this. However, you do not, and I repeat,
you do not want to set up your message
on this basic builder. Remember how we
talked about the basic builder basically
makes it to where you can't use 90% of
the functions that we need. So, what you
want to do is on the left hand side
where you see the text box that says
write a message. Just type in literally
anything. Could just be WD. And then at
the top right, click on go live. And
then immediately you'll be greeted with
the three dots. Click on the three dots.
And then you'll see the magic button
that says switch to flow builder. Now
you're almost ready to rock. All you
have to do now is just turn off the
basic automation. That way it just
doesn't fire and we want to use the
advanced automation. So just click on
the uh initial trigger message and then
from there click on the little blue
toggle button that you'll see here. And
then finally, you can now create your
automation. However, you will not have
to build it from scratch because if you
look at the third link in the
description, it'll open you up to this
template for you just to copy and paste.
You're welcome. So, now we are in
business. So, let's go and set up this
bad boy live. All right. So, just in
case you don't know how to copy over the
flow, basically whenever you click on
the link in the description, you'll see
this page. From there, just go and click
on save to Minihat.
Uh click save flow on your Minihat
account. And then after that's done,
click on the view flow and then you'll
be right here to where you can basically
just go and edit the flow that we have
built for you. So, let me go and take
off these dumbass gloves and we'll go
ahead and start building the flow. All
right. So, once you have this beautiful
flow copied over onto your own mini
chat, then here's what we're going to
do. So, it might look a little bit
overwhelming at first. Basically,
everything that's has like this little
white background is an actual message.
And then everything in yellow, don't
worry about that. And it makes it look a
lot more confusing than it is. It's just
basically notes that we put on this
overall flow. That way we can walk you
through how to use the template
effectively. So what we'll do is I'll
walk you through each individual me
individual message step by step starting
from the top and then going all the way
down to the last message. That way you
can understand exactly what needs to be
changed, what words you need to swap,
and overall how this flow works that way
you can run it effectively. So let's go
and start with the first message which
is going to be, "Hey, first name. I saw
that you followed and I wanted to
congratulate you on that decision with a
free welcome gift. It's a freebie that
will get you an outcome. The outcome
that they want that you can drive.
So if you want it, you don't say you
want it, but so if they want it, tap
this button and I'll send them to you
instantly. Now, whenever you look at the
overall notes, this will kind of give
you direction on exactly what you need
to change. So if you see at the top
here, we left a note at the top of each
one of these messages. Basically telling
you what in brackets you need to swap
out. So for example, for freebie, swap
that out with the name of your freebie.
So for example, my freebie is called
three vow video templates that we give
whenever someone follows me on
Instagram. So if you haven't followed me
on Instagram, highly recommend that you
go that you go do so to get this set
freebie. And then it gets you this
outcome. So, it's three viral video
templates that get the outcome that I
drive that I guarantee will get you the
most viewed videos you've ever had. And
then from there, below that, it just
says, "Tap this button and I'll send
them to you instantly." Bada bing, bada
boom, bada bam, they tap the button and
then you can move on to the next
message. And then after they click on
submit, we'll go ahead and tag them with
the fact that they are a new follower
lead. And then we'll go ahead and run
them through a condition based upon do
we have their email or not. So, what
this will do is it'll basically figure
out, have you grabbed their email in the
in the past? Let's say, for example,
they commented on one of your videos and
asked for a freebie and you asked for
the email. Awesome. If you already have
that set email and there's no reason for
you to ask for it again. So, if you
already have it, we'll go ahead and just
send them over the freebie. However, if
you do not have their email, then what
you're going to want to do is go ahead
and send them over this message telling
them that we need their set email. So
this message will say something like
we'll do. All I need is your email so
that I can grant you access to your
freebie. Now by entering your email
below, you give us permission to send
your freebie and some extra gifts. Now
the reason for the bottom message is
just to make sure that
uh overall you're staying compliant
because if you plan on sending them
emails and adding them to your email
list after they give you their email,
then you have to let them know that
you're going to be sending them emails
in the future. You can't just say, "Hey,
give me your email for this freebie."
And then that's it. You have to let them
know that you're going to send them
emails in the future, which is going to
be important for compliance on Minihat.
Either way, as soon as they reply with
their email, then what you can do is
basically go ahead and send them over to
the next step, which is giving them the
freebie. However, if they basically
said, "Hey, I want this freebie." You
ask for the email and then they don't
respond, then we're going to ask for
their email again by saying, "Hey, do
you even want this freebie?" So,
assuming that the contact has not
responded, you'll go ahead and
automatically send over a message, I
believe. Let's see if we look here. So,
if you look here, you'll automatically
send them a message. In 10 minutes, if
they do not give us, we'll give you
their email. In 10 minutes, you're going
to automatically send them a message
saying, "Did you actually still want me
to send over your freebie?" If they say
yes, send it. Then, we'll go ahead and
reroute them back to the initial
question saying, "We'll do. All I need
is your email." Then, from there, once
they give you their email, we can go and
start actually delivering the set
freebie. So, as soon as you get to their
email, you can go and send them this. As
promised, here is your gift. Just click
here for instant access to your freebie.
And then from there, there will be a
button below that basically says your
freebie. So to give you an example what
that would look like in practice, it
would be something like just click here
for instant access to your three viral
video templates. Then below you'll see
the button that says your three viral
video templates. Now from that all you
have to do is just go ahead and uh
replace this with the link to your
freebie. So just copy and paste the link
to your freebie whether it's on notion,
Canva, etc. And then as soon as they
click on that link, we'll go ahead and
tag them with the fact that they are a
new follower that clicked on the link to
the freebie. And then after we send over
the freebie, 3 seconds later, we'll say,
"Now remember, these only work if you
do." And then another 3 seconds later,
we'll say, "I might check back with you
to see how they perform for you." And
what this does is it creates the open
loop of basically in their mind, it
wouldn't be it won't be weird for you to
follow back up with them cuz you don't
want to just give them the freebie and
that be that. you want to give them the
freebie and then try to see if we can
qualify them for the overall offer and
book them in for a sales call. Now, to
give you another example again, uh
basically all you have to do is swap out
the freebie, the resource name, and
overall the linked resource. So, to give
you an example of what I would actually
say, just click here for instant access
to your viral video templates. And that
would be what we swap out for the
freebie cuz that's the freebie that we
give. And then for the button overall, I
just say your freebie. So, your three
viral videos, bada boom, bada boom, bada
bam, you're good to go. And then an hour
after you send this message, uh you set
up a smart delay to where an hour after
you send that message, you'll go ahead
and create a condition to where if they
have clicked the link, we'll send them
this message. If they have not clicked
the link, we'll send them this message.
So, start with the message that was sent
if they don't click the link.
So whenever they don't click the link
and they haven't opened up your freebie
yet, we want them to open it because
it's going to be it's going to increase
time on brand and also create some sort
of reciprocity and prove that you can
solve problems within your said freebie.
Overall, it is important that they
actually open up the freebie. That's why
we tagged them previously to see if they
actually did open up the freebie or not.
So if they have not, we'll go ahead and
send them this message. Hey, first name,
did you still want your free resource?
And then you're going to add a button
below that that basically says yes.
They're going to click on the yes. And
then from there just going to go back to
saying here you go. Just click the link
below for instant access. And then from
there after 30 minutes that we send this
message we'll go ahead and follow back
up with the message. If we come up to
this message you'll notice that it's a
little different than all the other
messages. If there's anything such as
like a mini chat G-code, this is it.
[music] So what we found is whenever it
comes down to just overall response
rates, sending a voice note is going to
be better than just sending a message.
However, what's even better than sending
a voice note is a voice note and a
message and that increases response
rates substantially. So, what you're
going to do is if you look here, you
have the voice note and then you have
the message. They're practically the
same. They're practically going to say
the exact same thing. So, the structure
that you're going to go through is going
to be hey first name and the voice note
don't say first name obviously you got
to say I say brother just because
majority of my audience is male.
However, you can say hey what's going on
man. I guess that would be male. Hey,
what's going on? I saw that you got
whatever your resource is. I might have
a few other things that could be even
more valuable to you depending on your
situation. And then from there, you go
ahead and open up with your qualifier
with your qualifying question. So, to
give you a couple examples of what a
qualifying question could be, let's say
you're a fitness coach. You would say,
"Hey, first name Sol you got the
six-pack in six months
checklist. I might have a few other
things that could be even more valuable
to you depending on your situation. What
would you say is your biggest fitness
goal right now? Or let's say if you're a
sales coach, you say all that and you're
going to give away some sort of
objection handling playbook or whatever
the case might be. You say, "I might
have a few other things that could be
even more valuable to you depending on
your situation." Are you trying to get
into sales right now or are you already
closing on an offer? Or if you're a real
estate agent, I might have a few things
that are that could be more valuable to
you depending on situation. Have you
already made any real estate investments
or are you wanting to learn how to do it
for the first time? And all this is
going to do is it's going to create a
conversation with the prospect or with
the new follower. And you want to make
sure that you open with the overall
qualifying question. Meaning this
question is going to move the
conversation forward. You do not want
them answering something that you don't
care about. You want them answering, are
they going to be a good prospect or not?
So for me, for example, I ask, what do I
ask? Hold on. I'm the voice now right
here. Let's play it. All right. I
couldn't get it to play. Basically, I
just asked something where we turn
around, are you new to business or are
you in position to scale? And if they're
new to business, we kind of know. All
right, cool. Uh maybe they qualify for
like our $97 product, which is Fileflow,
or maybe we just send them extra YouTube
videos and just give them some free
education. However, if they're in a
position to scale their business and
they make over 20K per month, then we
know internally that that is a prospect
that possibly could be a good fit for
Nexus. [music] And in that that starts
the conversation is okay this person has
a business number one and number two
they're in a position to scale which
means they are now overall somewhat
qualified and then from there we'll just
go and uh continue the qualifying
process from there. But just whatever
your opening qualifier question is that
you feel as if it's going to be most
beneficial and give you the most context
to see if you can help this person or
not. That's what you ask [music] in this
last line. And then from there once they
answer that said qualifying question you
can go ahead and sit there and basically
just keep qualifying them. Now if you
want you can definitely tag them by
saying uh if you use mini chat as like a
CRM you can tag them by saying hot lead
somebody respond but overall if you just
have a setter in the DMs or if you're in
the DMs yourself you'll see the messages
come through. Then from there you just
reply to them and again you qualify them
once you basically replace all the like
freebies and all the buttons and you
basically just make this flow fitting
towards your offer. So the problem is is
just that whenever it comes down to
minihat only allows one like flow to
have the trigger of whenever someone
follows you send this automated message.
So what we need to do is we need to copy
this entire flow then paste it into the
miniature automation that I had you guys
set up earlier in the advanced view. So,
what you're going to do is you're just
going to hover over this entire flow.
Uh, press shift and then just drag. Once
you do that, click on command C. And
once you do that, go ahead and go back
to the initial flow that we initially
set up with the new follower automation.
So, if you look here, you'll see you
just basically want to find the flow
that says use your followers your
account. Once you're here, all you need
to do is go and copy and paste in the
flow that we just built. So, copy paste
it over here. That way, I don't screw
up. I know the researchers are testing
three different variations of the flow
that we're running through today. So, I
don't want to screw up their test. But
what you do whenever you copied over,
obviously, it'll be blank for you. You
can just go ahead and I'll just going to
delete this for the sake of the video.
Drag this over to the new flow.
Cool. Then what you do is you just
connect this flow or this trigger to the
first message and then next thing you
know, bada bing, bada boom, bada bam,
your automation is now set up. Now that
said, as good as this flow is, whenever
it comes down to converting new
followers, which it's [__] good,
obviously you need to be able to get
consistent followers on a [music] well,
you need to be able to get new followers
on a consistent basis for it to be
effective. So from here, you have one to
[music] two options. Option number one
is going to be that you just want to
keep binging some free content. [music]
And if that's the case, then I would
suggest that you click on the video at
the let's [music] see at the top right
here. Or option number two, if you're
the type of person who doesn't [music]
want to waste time going through all of
the trial and error by yourself, just
more so just wants a proven system for
you to follow, then feel free to go and
click on the first link below about what
Nexus could look like implemented inside
of your us.